[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
Yes. Go ahead. So one thing you could do, I guess, is like, uh, you could start, like, every time you get one and you get it wrong.

Well, like, you could basically keep trying to generate, like, different, uh,

distinct monotone disjunctions and see if they fit all the, like, all the given data points you have,

like those would say you're given an X, you guess and you get it wrong or something,

and you and you say you think it's this, it's this margin, this function you got and it's.

And if that doesn't fit that, then you can like rule that out two classes of information.

That's the correct idea. So what we want to do is start with some say monitoring disjunction is our initial state.

And every time we get a we have a mistake. We want to be able to update our monotone disjunction so that it's consistent with what we've seen.

And hopefully we don't have to make too many updates. That's the right idea.

So let me elaborate on that approach. So our learner.

We'll start. With the monotone disjunction.

X1 or x2 or dagger dot or x n.

So this is not a super interesting monotone disjunction.

It's basically true on every string except the all zeros string.

Okay. But that's going to be its initial state. That's what it's going to think that the the unknown monitoring disjunction is.

So we'll start with. So our initial I'll call it initial state.

Equals x one or x n.

So here we go. Let's let's assume now that the learner receives a challenge.

Let's say the string that it receives is 0110010.

Okay. And what should we reply if this is the challenge that we received given our initial state?

Why yes, we should. We should respond with one. Why should we respond with one?

Well, I see a one in the second position, a one in the third position, and we have X1 sitting inside our monitor in disjunction.

We also have x2, we have x3. So x2 and x3 are one.

So we should say one because that's what we currently think the monotone disjunction is.

So we say one. And let's say that the teacher responds with.

Mistake. Then what have we learned?

Well, we've learned that x2. This implies that x2 cannot be in the unknown.

Disjunction. Why is that?

Yes. Because if um. If x two were one, or if x two were ordered in the actual monotone disjunction,

then the bitstream that they gave you would be true, because x2 is in there, right?

If x2 were in the true monotone disjunction, then replying with one would have been the correct answer.

But it's not. Therefore, x2 cannot be in the unknown disjunction.

What? Yes. Question. So here do you also know that X3 and x6 are not in the monotone?

Good. So we also know that x3 cannot be in the monotone disjunction because x3 was set to one.

And let's see. X1 x2 x3 x4 x5 x6.

This also implies that x6 cannot be in the unknown disjunction.

So we can eliminate. So if this if our initial state I'm going to rewrite my initial state here.

So x1, x2 or x2 or x3 or dot dot dot x6.

Or. X n. Given this sequence of events, I can now eliminate x2.

I can eliminate x3 and I can eliminate x6.

Question. Uh, so, I mean, this is just kind of moving on to like, how you get from here to the next or like back to the previous question, I think.

Yes. Uh, so with this, for every mistake, you know, you can eliminate at least one, uh, element from the initial.

Good, good. Yes, that's the exact observation. So what did we learn here?

Well, every time we made a mistake, we're going to be able to eliminate at least one literal from our monitoring disjunction.

Because if we say because if we say zero.

And we're sorry if we don't make a mistake. We don't really need.

That's fine. We don't make a mistake. We don't increment our mistake bound.

But every time, the only way we can make a mistake is if we say that the answer is one.

But the actual answer is zero. One literal.

Is eliminated. And there are most.

And literals. Because we said it's a monotone disjunction over and literals.

This implies that the number of mistakes.

Is it most? And. Okay, so that's how we came up with a learner whose mistake bound was at most end.

Because every time the learner makes a mistake, it eliminates a literal there at most end literals, we can make a most n mistakes.

So even though we could be presented with two to the n different challenges, this algorithm actually makes it most and mistakes.

